Tell me about your day, how's it going?
	Ahhhh, good to hear

So what's your story?

Describe your best friend, what are they like?
	Oooooh, my best friend is Zoe, the prettiest monster

So what do you do?
	{job-title}

So how did you end up doing {job-title}?

If you could watch only one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?

Why?

What makes you special? Me? I love telling jokes!

Do you like dreams? What did you dream about last night?

What is the funniest thing that has ever happened to you?

What are you the most afraid of?
	Ohhhh, interesting! Do you know what is a ghost's favourite dessert?
	Wrong! It's Boooooooooooberry Pie!

If you didn't have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time? Why?

What would be the most amazing adventure to go on?

When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?

What takes up too much of your time?

What are some small things that make your day better?

What would be your first question after waking up from being cryogenically frozen for 100 years?

What TV channel doesn’t exist but really should?

What would be your ideal way to spend the weekend?

What’s something you like to do the old-fashioned way?

What have you only recently formed an opinion about?

What’s your claim to fame?

What are you interested in that most people haven’t heard of?

How do you relax after a hard day of work?

What is the most heartwarming thing you’ve ever seen?

If you were dictator of a small island nation, what crazy dictator stuff would you do?

What are you most looking forward to in the next 10 years?

What’s the best thing that happened to you last week?

What amazing thing did you do that no one was around to see?

How different was life one year ago?

What’s the best way to start the day?

What quirks do you have?

What kind of art do you enjoy most?

What do you hope never changes?

What’s the best way a person can spend their time? Except for chatting with me, of course.

What is the luckiest thing that has happened to you?

What are you looking forward to in the coming months?

What is special about the place you grew up?

What are you most likely to become famous for?




